(foreboding music)
(Ryu gasping)
- Listen.
(Ryu whimpers)
(loud screeching)
- Ryu?
- Not again.
It's the same thing.
It's coming, isn't it?
Alise...
- Ryu, I...
- Run away.
- Huh?
- Run away!
(Bell gasps)
- Hurry, get away!
You have to leave
here right now.
Hurry up!
- (evil laugh) It's
far too late.
It has begun.
We're in the presence of
despair.
Let's bring it on! Reveal
yourself right now!
One more time.
Let us see it up close!
(menacing laugh)
(grunts in pain)
- A great disaster cometh.
(loud burst)
(loud screeching continues)
- Take heed.
It is a banquet of tragedy.
(low growling)
(Opening Song)
(intense roaring)
- No!
I don't like this sound.
I hate it!
I heard about it.
They say something very
terrifying happens
when you hear this sound.
- I'm scared, so scared.
(screaming continues)
- What's that sound?
It's almost like the dungeon
itself is screaming in pain.
- Seems like it's coming
from somewhere below.
Maybe the 27th floor?
- Do you have any ideas,
Lady Aisha?
- Dunno.
First time I've ever
heard this sound.
- Cassandra, what is
it? What's the matter?
(shudders)
- Get out.
- Eh?
- Get out of here.
- What the hell?
- I've never heard
anything like this before.
- We need to get off this
floor as soon as possible.
This is bad.
- Come on, Bors!
- Huh?
(screeching stopped)
(water running)
- It stopped.
(rocks cracking)
(loud stomping)
(crashes on water)
(water splashes)
- Huh!
- It can't be.
- What's happening, Ouranos?
That thing has spawned.
- That thing? What are you
talking about?
I can't believe it's
happening again.
It will be an awful
tragedy just like before.
- I don't understand, Ouranos.
Ouranos!
A terrible disaster is reborn.
(loud roaring)
- Did you guys just hear that?
- Something doesn't feel right.
We need to hurry and
find Bors' group.
- Let's move.
- Right.
(blood splatter)
(woman gasping)
(squish)
(loud stomping)
(everyone screaming)
(earth cracking)
(woman panting)
(flesh ripping apart)
(dramatic music)
(creature stomping)
(man panting)
(man screaming)
(woman screaming)
- You guys hear that, right?
- Uh-huh.
- What do you think is going on?
- Let's go.
- Wait a second, Bors!
- Hurry up. My gut says
we're in deep shit.
(loud screeching)
- What the hell is happening?
(menacing laugh)
Is this all because of you?
Tell me!
What have you done?
- Just a small ritual.
One that will finally wake me up
from this living nightmare.
Seeing Ryu Lion act so spooked
hasn't tipped you off yet,
Bell Cranel?
- Huh?
(violin playing)
- I summoned a monster.
It's the same one that butchered
the Astrea Familia all those
years ago,
and it's coming here
to the 27th floor.
(maniacal laugh)
- The Astrea Familia?
That's the group that
Ryu used to belong to.
- Five years ago.
The members of the
Astrea Familia
were constantly fighting against
those of us in
the Rudra Familia.
For them there was some
sort of crusade of justice,
but to us they were
nothing but pesky flies
who kept getting
in the damn way.
So what did we do?!
We set a trap in the
dungeon to get rid of 'em!
- You bastard.
- This reminds me,
when I met with Ryu
on the 18th floor.
- So where are we?
- The grave of my comrades
from my original Familia.
You see, we fell into a trap
that was set by an
enemy Familia.
I was the only one who survived.
The rest, they were
all murdered.
(breathes deeply)
(cello plays)
- That means this guy
is responsible
for the death of her Familia!
- Curious how we did it?
We stocked up on
all of the blaze
rocks that we could
get our hands on.
We lured her Familia
into the dungeon
intending to blow it up,
and leave them buried
alive under all the rubble.
However, those assholes from the
Astrea Familia just
would not die.
They're like damn cockroaches!
That really turned the tables
and put us in a bad situation,
but something happened that
none of us could have foreseen.
- Yeah and what was that?
(crazy chuckle)
- The dungeon gave
birth to an abomination.
A totally insane monster
that no one had seen
or even heard of before.
(unhinged cackle)
- Normally, nothing
like this should occur.
Destroying part of the
dungeon is inconsequential.
It should only prompt it
to restore itself back
to its usual state.
- However, if the damage
exceeds what it can repair
or rather, if someone
made it a point to inflict
an overwhelming
amount of damage-
- Exactly! The dungeon
would prioritize
eliminating it over
anything else.
Damage triggers its
preservation instincts.
The dungeons suffer so
much misery from this.
Not even my prayers
can reach it.
- Then what happened five
years ago will happen again.
- Mmm, I'm afraid so.
(menacing laugh)
- On that day, all of my
allies were slaughtered
until only I was left.
Just me.
But guess what?
So were all of those
stupid bitches
from the Astrea Familia.
(growls)
I spent the past five
years studying, okay?
Those guys from Evilus
that I hung around with
had no idea because I did it all
myself.
What triggered the dungeon to
spot it?
And what would I need to make
that abomination appear again?
I studying it down
to the last detail.
And, oh boy, did I learn a lot.
Like the fact that going
beyond the middle floors
and intentionally causing
a staggering amount
of damage to the dungeon on a
lower floor
would then spawn the monster
on that very same floor.
Also, the crucial fact
that the dungeon can
perceive floors 25 through
27 as one single space.
(triumphant laugh)
Oh, cheer up.
You have the honor of
witnessing my triumph
as I announce it to the world.
(evil laugh)
- Jura, damn you!
- Why?
Why would you summon
a horrific monster
and for the second time no less?
- Hmm. Isn't that obvious?
Because I'm going to tame it,
you dumbass.
- Huh?
- Tame it? Seriously?
Are you completely
out of your mind?!
- Tell me something.
(groans)
- Whenever you saw
it did you think
it was an absolute
monstrosity back then?
I remember my thoughts
even though
I was shitting my pants
in sheer terror
I found myself mesmerized
by its allure.
By the way, it laid
waste to everything.
By the way it totally
butchered everyone.
In my eyes, it was a
thing of such beauty
that even goddesses
pale in comparison,
and I fell in love with it.
A beast of overwhelming power.
Oh, I wanted it.
I needed it.
(music swells)
Now it's all mine!
- You're insane!
It's practically the devil
itself.
There's absolutely no
way you could control it.
- In normal circumstances, sure.
- Huh?
But look!
(chuckles victoriously)
I have this baby right here.
- Oh right!
He used that to
control the lambton.
That's a magic item.
- And then once I have
complete control of that thing
then nothing will
scare me anymore.
No one will ever
threaten me again.
No, not even Ryu Lion.
I haven't gone a single day
without you haunting my dreams
but summoning that creature
here will change that.
I'll finally be able to
overcome the trauma of my past.
I won't let anyone else have it!
It will be mine, all mine!
(water running)
(melancholic music)
(Lili panting)
(water running)
- I can't tell what's
going on down there yet.
(distant screaming)
(gasp)
- What's the matter, Lady
Chigusa?
- I just heard someone.
I think they were screaming in
pain.
- Lady Chigusa, are you sure?
- Yes, I'm sure.
- It was very faint
but yes, I also heard the
screams as well.
Seemed to me like
they were the cries
of adventurers biting
the dust.
- That settles it.
There's definitely something
strange going down on 27.
- Do you think Master
Bell has gotten involved?
(grunts)
- Wait, Lil Bit!
- Come on you guys.
Let's go down there.
Master Bell needs our
help right now.
(gasps in surprise)
- Cassandra?
- What are you doing?
Let me go!
He needs our help.
We don't have time to waste.
(sobbing)
- I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I knew all along that
a disaster was looming
but I couldn't do
anything about it.
And because you guys
are alive right now,
I'm sure that down on
the 27th floor
many others are dying instead.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
I'm so, so sorry.
(sobs openly)
- I can feel it.
It's already started.
I'm scared, so scared.
I need to get away.
Far, far away.
Somewhere deep.
Somewhere deep within
the waters.
(sad music plays)
I want to be with him,
with Bell right now.
Bell, where are you?
- A taboo of the dungeon
that no one is aware of.
Making it an official
regulation is hard
because inversely doing
so would make
everyone aware of its existence.
We had no choice but to
cover up anything related.
Disclosing nothing
to the public.
Naturally, there is no
information on it.
Not even in the guilds records,
but there is one exception.
That was the Xenos.
Five years ago sensing
something was wrong,
they were more terrified
than anyone.
So I told them everything and
asked for their assistance
in making sure nothing like
this ever happens again.
- But now, in a case
of awful timing
they are busy helping us seize
complete control over Knossos.
- Yes, we have no way to
respond to this swiftly.
It would seem to be located
mainly on the lower floors.
My God, the adventurers
who happen to be
in its path are from
the Hesta Familia!
- So there's a monster
powerful enough
to kill Ryu's entire Familia,
and you honestly just summoned
it to this very floor?!
(chuckles)
- Bors!
- Hold on!
- But Ms. Ryu we need to
hurry and save everybody.
- Impossible.
You can't go out there.
Fighting it is a death sentence.
- Of course!
It makes sense that you
wouldn't let him go.
You know even more than I do
about
how horrific that thing is since
you got to experience
fighting it firsthand.
And let's not forget you
were so desperate to keep
yourself alive during that
battle that you let all your
precious little friends die
without even trying to help.
- Shut your mouth.
- Ow, my mistake.
You actually just
slaughtered all your friends
with your own two hands.
- Shut up!
- Shut up, shut up, shut up,
shut up, shut up, shut up
shut up.
(breathes erratically)
Shut up.
(groaning noise)
(trumpets blasting)
(panting)
(screaming)
(trumpets pick up tempo)
- The name of this fiend is
Juggernaut.
A destroyer that massacres any
and all adventurers it finds.
(squelching)
- Ouranos, isn't there anything
we can do?
- No matter what we do,
it will be too late.
That thing will keep going until
it's killed everyone
in the area.
(yelling)
- That's the entire
purpose of its existence.
(groans in pain)
(bones crack)
(chuckles)
- Just you wait.
I'm gonna make you mine
soon enough, my darling.
- Bring it on.
You don't get me that easy.
(choking on blood)
- Wait, don't!
(screaming)
- No!
- Ahh!
(gasps in shock)
- Hang on, Bors!
- Wait, Bell, no!
- That's enough!
(intense music)
- Look out, Rabbit's Foot!
(creature stomps forward)
(growls)
- It hardly has any armor.
That means it's built
for speed and offense.
I can handle that.
It all comes down to
striking first.
(yells)
(violin strumming)
- Where'd it go?
(creature hissing)
- Impossible. It moved that
far in the blink of an eye.
- It's as strong as
a floor boss.
No, this monstrosity
is even beyond that.
It avoided that?
But it's so huge.
It must be even faster
than the Iguazu.
Look, Bors and his
group are still here,
and so is Ryu.
- Running is not an option.
(yells)
(sword shatters)
- Get outta there.
Okay, let's see how
it handles this.
Hope this works.
- No, don't!
Fire Bolt!
Ah!
What was that?
Not good.
Gotta counter.
(music fades)
(arm splashes in water)
(blood gushing)
(screams in pain)
- Run away!
(loud thud)
(water running)
(gasp in fear)
(screaming) Bell!
(Ending Song)
- Next time: Endless.